12.0 docs (#1097)
itpp-labs/misc-addons: web_debranding/README.rst

24. (feature is not required in 12.0+ versions)
25. (feature is not required in 12.0+ versions)

Modules that can be disabled
----------------------------

> It is tested that if you don't need functionality of the `access_settings_menu <https://apps.odoo.com/apps/modules/12.0/access_settings_menu/>`__ you can remove it from dependencies of the ``web_debranding``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't need functionality of the `access_settings_menu <https://apps.odoo.com/apps/modules/12.0/access_settings_menu/>`__ you can remove it from dependencies in manifest file
```
